[APM][.NET] Update Tracer doc to reflect UDS feature (#13131)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-core.md

## Installation and getting started

<div class="alert alert-info">

>   <div class="alert-info">Datadog recommends you follow the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/apm/docs">Quickstart instructions</a> in the Datadog app for the best experience, including:</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <div class="alert-info">Datadog recommends you follow the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/apm/docs">Quickstart instructions</a> in the Datadog app for the best experience, including:<br/>
```

Reviewer 2: oops

>   <div class="alert-info"><strong>It is recommended</strong> to follow the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/apm/docs">Quickstart instructions</a> within the Datadog app for the best experience, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <div class="alert-info">Datadog recommends you follow the <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/apm/docs">Quickstart instructions</a> in the Datadog app for the best experience, including:</br>
```

>     <div>- Step by step instructions scoped to your deployment configuration (hosts, Docker, Kubernetes, or Amazon ECS).</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div>- **Step-by-step** instructions scoped to your deployment configuration (hosts, Docker, Kubernetes, or Amazon ECS).</div>
```

>     <div>- Dynamically set <code>service</code>, <code>env</code>, and <code>version</code> tags</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div>- Dynamically set <code>service</code>, <code>env</code>, and <code>version</code> tags.</div>
```

>     <div>- Enable ingesting 100% of traces, and Trace ID injection into logs during setup.</div>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <div>- Enable ingesting 100% of traces and Trace ID injection into logs during setup.</div>
```

{{< partial name="apm/apm-containers.html" >}}
</br>

> 3. After instrumenting your application, the tracing client attempts to send traces to:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. After instrumenting your application, the tracing client attempts to send traces to the following:
```

    - The `/var/run/datadog/apm.socket` Unix domain socket by default.

>     - If the socket does not exist then traces are sent to `localhost:8126`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If the socket does not exist, then traces are sent to `localhost:8126`.
```

>     - If a different socket, host or port is required use the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` environment variable:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If a different socket, host or port is required, use the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` environment variable:
```

>     - If a different socket, host or port is required, use the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` environment variable:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If a different socket, host, or port is required, use the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` environment variable:
```

    `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL=http://custom-hostname:1234`

>     `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL=unix:///var/run/datadog/apm.socket`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If a different socket, host or port is required, use the `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` environment variable: `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL=http://custom-hostname:1234` or `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL=unix:///var/run/datadog/apm.socket`.
```

> For more information on the available setting knobs, avalaible as environment variables or through code, see [Configuration](#configuration).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information on the available setting knobs, available as environment variables or through code, see [Configuration](#configuration).
```

`DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`
: **TracerSettings property**: `Exporter.AgentUri`<br>
Sets the URL endpoint where traces are sent. Overrides `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` if set. <br>

> It can contain a Unix path to a socket by prefixing the path with `unix://`<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can contain a Unix path to a socket by prefixing the path with `unix://`. <br>
```

`DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`
: **TracerSettings property**: `Exporter.AgentUri`<br>
Sets the URL endpoint where traces are sent. Overrides `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` if set. <br>
**Default**: `http://<DD_AGENT_HOST>:<DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT>`

`DD_AGENT_HOST`
: Sets the host where traces are sent (the host running the Agent). Can be a hostname or an IP address. Ignored if `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` is set. <br>
**Default**: `localhost`

`DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT`
: Sets the port where traces are sent (the port where the Agent is listening for connections). Ignored if `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` is set. <br>

> **Default**: `8126`

Reviewer 4: I don't think we should unlist these completely. That implies to me that they do anything. However, as we've seen in https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/issues/2426, they absolutely _do_ have an impact, and can cause invalid configurations.

We have a deprecated settings section - maybe we should move them there?

Author: Yes, I've also raised the point to Yoann to see how we should treat it. Because it's documented approximatively everywhere, so considering it deprecated may be just my pov.

Author: Ok reintroduced in latest commit

`DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`
: **TracerSettings property**: `Exporter.AgentUri`<br>
Sets the URL endpoint where traces are sent. Overrides `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` if set. <br>
It can contain a unix path to a socket by prefixing the path by `unix://`<br>

> **Default**: `http://<DD_AGENT_HOST>:<DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT>` if they are set, `unix:///var/run/datadog/apm.socket` if the file exists or `http://localhost:8126`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Default**: `http://<DD_AGENT_HOST>:<DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT>` if they are set, `unix:///var/run/datadog/apm.socket` if the file exists or `http://localhost:8126`.
```

`DD_APM_RECEIVER_SOCKET`
: **TracerSettings property**: `Exporter.TracesUnixDomainSocketPath`<br>

> Sets the path to the socket used to communicate with the agent<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the path to the socket used to communicate with the Agent.<br>
```

`DD_AGENT_HOST`

> : Sets the host where traces are sent (the host running the Agent). Can be a hostname or an IP address. Prefer using `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` that has precedence over this parameter <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Sets the host where traces are sent (the host running the Agent). Can be a hostname or an IP address. Prefers using `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` that has precedence over this parameter. <br>
```

**Default**: `localhost`

`DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT`

> : Sets the port where traces are sent (the port where the Agent is listening for connections). Prefer using `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` that has precedence over this parameter <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Sets the port where traces are sent (the port where the Agent is listening for connections). Prefers using `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` that has precedence over this parameter. <br>
```

If specified, adds all of the specified tags to all generated spans.

`DD_TRACE_DEBUG`

> : Enables or disables debug logging. Valid values are: `true` or `false`.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enables or disables debug logging. Valid values include `true` or `false`.<br>
```

Reviewer 2: I think that "Valid values include" implies there may be more values in addition to the ones we list here. That is not the case: these are _all_ the valid values for this setting.

Also, we already use "Valid values are:" in multiple places in this document.
